it's so easy to get bogged down my heavy
sticky energy and your aura that just
makes you feel blah but there's an easy
way to get back into balance quickly and
you can do it anytime anywhere I'll show
you how in this episode of mani TV hey
beautiful yo I'm Mona McDermott and
you're watching money TV your go-to
channel for self or living if you're
anything like me sometimes you feel like
a bit of a sponge going through life
soaking up other people's worries dramas
and motions and stuff all of their
energy sits in your energy field and if
you don't know how to clear it you can
end up feeling pretty overwhelmed it's
kind of like that hoarders program on TV
you know the one where people's homes
are jam-packed floor to ceiling with
stuff sometimes they don't even have any
way to sit in their own home if your
energy field is like that your spirit
will be feeling confined and unable to
move too so here's a simple practice to
keep your own energy bright and clear
and you can do it anywhere and in just a
few minutes a day that's exactly what I
use for myself and what I teach others
so what you need to do is take a quiet
moment a couple of minutes where you
won't be disturbed and you can be alone
with your thoughts I do this anywhere
and the shower driving in my car before
I go to sleep at night sometimes even
while I'm cooking my dinner just put it
until your seat see Joel as it works for
you so the first thing to do is scan
your energy field you want to do this in
your mind's eye so see you energy field
on your mind's eye if you find it
difficult try and see your aura like
it's a shape like as a house or as a
two-dimensional object like a circle
I'll continue using the metaphor of a
house as it's an easy one to communicate
in to understand so what you want to do
is take a moment to scan your energy
field look at your house what do you see
or what do you feel is it light and
bright
are they dark patches shadows or specs
does it feel heavy are there any doors
and windows open just notice what's
going on think what you want to do is
release negativity you need to intend
that you're going to release anything
not for your highest good say it out
loud funk it in your head it doesn't
matter how you set the intention but
it's important that you do them fear has
been cleaned however you see this
happening it's perfect for me it's like
a giant angelic vacuum cleaner comes in
and sucks out all negativity you could
also see spirals of light lifting out
all heaviness or see a team of angelic
cleaners actually getting into every
little nook and cranny whatever you see
is great for you the third thing you
want to do is chicken how does it feel
now sometimes I want to feel either more
light and bright so I see the switch on
my angelic vacuum cleaner being flicked
and reverse so that fresh beautiful
light in energy pours into my aura the
last thing you want to do is sell your
energy so to finish off you want to seal
your energy field once again check your
house see if your doors and windows
still open and a theorist close them and
then put a bright band of light around
the perimeter of your whole house to
seal your energy field this practice is
so important for keeping your energy
clear and bright and helping you stay
balanced in centered and completely in
your own space it's quick it's easy and
if you do it every day you will really
notice a difference and how you feel
there's no right or wrong however you do
with us will be benefiting you you just
need to trust that it's time to let your
gorgeous soul shine beautiful and that's
what my new TV is all about for more
great content subscribe to my channel
now and for email only exclusives head
on over to mone McDermott comm and sign
up for sell for love and goodness direct
to your inbox thank you so much for
watching and I will see you
time our money TV